nsteaminiapple 1 10 groceries 
porkhumba 5 175 cookedfoods 
chicken(kl) 3.5 490 stocks 
chickenadobo 6 180 cookedfoods 
flattops 5 10 groceries 
maxxcandy 12 12 groceries 
kettlecorn 12 159 1 
orange 5 75 fruits 
chocooatscandy 4 4 groceries 
cornettoubebe 3 78 groceries 
c2230ml 18 234 drinks 
lemonsquarecheesecake 1 8 groceries 
chunkee 4 32 groceries 
prestopnutbtter 7 49 groceries 
7up1.5 1 60 drinks 
selectaicshalo-halo 3 39 groceries 
cloud928g 7 56 groceries 
cornettob&w 1 26 groceries 
chizcurls18g 1 8 groceries 
magnumclassic 4 220 groceries 
magicflakesplain 1 7 groceries 
cookies(big) 2 30 4 
piattos 4 56 groceries 
porkcaldereta 20 700 cookedfoods 
choco250ml 2 50 drinks 
zestomangoincan 1 30 groceries 
sandwich 16 192 4 
hamburger 2 44 4 
porkchop 1 40 cookedfoods 
chickenafritada 1 30 cookedfoods 
nips14g 6 24 groceries 
chococrincles 8 96 4 
porkham 13 455 cookedfoods 
siomencupnoodles 1 20 groceries 
fujiapple 4 64 fruits 
rice 54 540 1 
porkadobo 3 105 cookedfoods 
chicken,fried 1 30 cookedfoods 
ensaymada 2 40 4 
omj 11 110 drinks 
macaroons 3 15 4 
naturespringwater350ml 1 10 groceries 
mr.chips26g 1 8 groceries 
naturespringwater500ml 6 90 groceries 
prestochocolate 6 42 groceries 
zest-obig250 3 30 drinks 
chocorevelbars 1 15 dessert 
nissinnoodles 8 200 groceries 
rice,half 10 50 1 
xo 3 3 groceries 
porkribs 1 35 cookedfoods 
egg,scrambled 7 105 1 
cheesewafer 1 18 groceries 
